[documentation] deepsparse user guide (#959)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: user-guide/deepsparse-benchmarking.md

>> INFO:deepsparse.benchmark.benchmark_model:Starting 'singlestream' performance measurements for 10 seconds
>> Original Model Path: zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none
>> Batch Size: 64
>> Scenario: sync
>> Throughput (items/sec): 64.3392
```

Run the following to benchmark ORT with the same 90% pruned and quantized BERT ONNX model as above:
```bash
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none --batch_size 64 --engine onnxruntime

>> INFO:deepsparse.benchmark.benchmark_model:Starting 'singlestream' performance measurements for 10 seconds
>> Original Model Path: zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none
>> Batch Size: 64
>> Scenario: sync
>> Throughput (items/sec): 55.1905
```

We can see that ORT does not gain additional performance from sparsity like DeepSparse. Additionally, DeepSparse runs the dense model
faster than ORT at high batch sizes. All in all, in this example **DeepSparse is 13.8x faster than ONNX Runtime**!

## Usage 

Run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` to see full command line arguments.

> Let's walk through a few examples of common functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are a few examples of common functionality.
```

### Pass Your Local ONNX Model

> Beyond passing SparseZoo stubs, you can also pass a local path to an ONNX file to DeepSparse. As an example, let's download an ONNX file from SparseZoo using the CLI to a local directory called `./yolov5-download`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond passing SparseZoo stubs, you can also pass a local path to an ONNX file to DeepSparse. As an example, download an ONNX file from SparseZoo using the CLI to a local directory called `./yolov5-download`.
```

```bash
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned95_quant-none --batch_size 64

>> Original Model Path: zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned95_quant-none
>> Batch Size: 64
>> Scenario: sync
>> Throughput (items/sec): 2456.9958
```

In general, DeepSparse is able to achieve better performance at higher batch sizes, especially on many core machines as it is better able to utilitize the underlying hardware and saturate all of the cores at high batch sizes.

### Custom Input Shape

We can adjust the input share of the inference with `-i` or `--input_shape`. This is generally useful for changing the size of input images or sequence length for NLP.

Here's an example doing a BERT inference with sequence length 384 (vs 128 as above):

```bash
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none --input_shape [1,384]

>> Original Model Path: zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none
>> Batch Size: 1
>> Scenario: sync
>> Throughput (items/sec): 121.7578
```

> Here's an example doing a YOLOv5s inference with a 320x320 image (rather than 640x640 as above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example doing a YOLOv5s inference with a 320x320 image (rather than 640x640 as above):
```
